Add error reading expired blobs to troubleshooting (#1211)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/node-running/troubleshooting-running-nodes.md

        accidentally ends up blocking node runners.
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        You see <code>failed to get blobs: expected at least 6 blobs for slot {slot_number} but only got 0</code>
      </td>
      <td>

>         This often happens when you connect to a beacon chain endpoint while the blob you are querying is expired, you need to connect to a beacon endpoint which supports historical blob data. (list [here](/run-arbitrum-node/l1-ethereum-beacon-chain-rpc-providers#list-of-ethereum-beacon-chain-rpc-providers))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        This often happens when you connect to a beacon chain endpoint while the blob you are querying is expired. To resolve this error, connect to a beacon endpoint which supports historical blob data (see [List of Ethereum beacon chain RPC providers](/run-arbitrum-node/l1-ethereum-beacon-chain-rpc-providers#list-of-ethereum-beacon-chain-rpc-providers)).
```
